{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red18\green89\blue120;\red89\green88\blue88;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sb100\sa100

\f0\fs24 \cf2 1. Get into a plank position with hands planted directly under the shoulders (slightly wider than shoulder width apart). Ground the toes into the floor to stabilize the bottom half of the body. Engage the abs and back so the body is neutral. In other words, flat as a\'85 plank (ah, now we get it!).\
2. Begin to lower the body \'97 back flat, eyes focused about three feet in front of you to keep a neutral neck\'97 until the chest nearly touches the floor. (Note: Some experts say a push-up isn\'92t a push-up unless the chest actually grazes the ground). Don\'92t let the butt dip or stick out at any point during the move; the body should remain flat from head to toe all the way through the movement. Draw the shoulder blades back and down, while keeping the elbows tucked close to the body, so the upper arms form a 45-degree angle at the bottom of the push-up position.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380
\cf2 3. Keeping the core engaged, exhale as you push back to the start position as explosively as possible without leaving the ground \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li450\fi-360\ri380
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 Step 1:\'a0\cf4 Start with your hands and feet on the ground with your body in a straight line in regular push-up position.\cf3 \
Step 2:\'a0\cf4 Bending at the elbows lower your chest to the ground and then push yourself back up.\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 Step 3:\'a0\cf4 Next your are going to lift your left hand off of the ground and rotate all your weight onto your right hand.\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 Step 4:\'a0\cf4 Rotate until the side of your body is parallel with the floor. Feet should rotate as well.\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 Step 5:\'a0\cf4 Both arms should be extended so that your body resembles the form of a "T".\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 Step 6:\'a0\cf4 Rotate your body back to push-up position.\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 Step 7:\'a0\cf4 Follow the steps through again but this time rotate all your weight onto your left hand instead of your right.\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 Step 8:\'a0\cf4 Alternate hands after each push-up and repeat steps for the desired amount of repetitions.\
}